Client & Stakeholder Focus:
Client & Stakeholder Focus is your ability to put your clients’ and/or stakeholders’ needs in the forefront, providing them with a true bespoke approach that HedgeServ is known for. You are proactive in anticipating and solving their problems. You seek ways to improve processes and anticipate challenges. You proactively communicate and build trusting relationships with them.


Critical Thinking:
Critical Thinking is your ability to obtain, interpret, and use knowledge, facts, and data to understand a problem or issue. You find and present solutions to issues that arise. You think outside the box.


Managing Resources:
Managing Resources is your ability to understand the human, financial, and operational resources required to make decisions to build and plan efficient project workflows and improve overall organizational performance. You think ahead and plan for future needs. You assess individual and team strengths.  Managing Resources is also your ability to plan your day accordingly to ensure all tasks are completed on time and accurately. It requires you to make good decisions when prioritizing your workload.



Professionalism:
Professionalism is your ability to perform regular work assignments and understand all relevant internal/external products and services in the financial industry. You keep current with industry changes and seek learning and development opportunities. You share your knowledge with others.  You act responsibly and with integrity, keeping the interests of the larger community in mind; you learn from your mistakes.


Teamwork:
Teamwork is your ability to work within a team structure to achieve a shared goal. It is your ability to use your skills to work with people from diverse backgrounds and groups while seeking ways to collaborate and cooperate. Providing constructive feedback is an important part of teamwork as is knowing when to lead and when to follow. You actively listen and ask questions for clarification to ensure a complete understanding of an issue or a goal. You are successful in negotiating and managing conflict. You actively participate.


Career Management:
Career Management is your ability to develop the necessary skills to excel at your current level. You seek feedback on a regular basis to measure your success. You advocate for new opportunities for growth and development. You have the capacity to tune into your own feelings, sense inner signals, and recognize how your feelings affect you and your performance. Your goal at each level is to achieve expertise, preparing you for the next step in your journey.


Leadership (Supervisor) - Leadership consist of the two competencies:

Change Management is your ability to implement change within internal and external processes. This includes preparing and supporting employees, establishing the necessary steps for change, and monitoring pre- and post-change activities to ensure successful implementation. Change management is also your ability to adapt and respond to the changing environment and priorities, shifting focus when issues need to be addressed.
Inspiration is your ability to inspire others' commitment to their work and organizational excellence. You display emotional intelligence through your ability to assess and manage your own emotions and recognize and influence the emotions of those around you. You are empathetic and use this to guide and motivate your team. You organize, prioritize, and delegate work. You maintain a “no door” policy and resolve issues quickly and efficiently. You seek guidance from others when necessary. You help others see the personal benefits of doing their job well and encourage them to do their best. You look for new, creative ways to motivate others. You acknowledge achievements and contributions. You maintain and communicate a positive, yet realistic outlook, in spite of organizational challenges in order to sustain morale. You recognize and tackle morale problems by using a variety of approaches to energize and inspire others.
